chore: Add info about changing PO status when creating new PO line item (#97)
Vic-ai/api-docs: docs/create_purchase_order_line_item.md

purchase order line item must have a line number and it must be unique among the
other line items. It should be a non negative value.

> This action will change purchase order `status` from `closed` to `open`, if needed.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: This action will change purchase order `status` from `closed` to `open`, 
if the purchase order is `closed`.

```

Author: That's much better. Thanks!
